Add some details about working on assigned issues (#11802)
microsoft/terminal: CONTRIBUTING.md

* ["Tasks"](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Issue-Task%22+) are usually new pieces of functionality that aren't yet implemented for the Terminal/Console. These are usually smaller features, which we believe
  - could be a single, atomic PR
  - Don't require much design consideration, or we've already written the spec for the larger feature they belong to.
* ["Features"](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Issue-Feature%22+) are larger pieces of new functionality. These are usually things we believe would require larger discussion of how they should be implemented, or they'll require some complicated new settings. They might just be features that are composed of many individual tasks. Often times, with features, we like to have a spec written before development work is started, to make sure we're all on the same page (see below).

> Bugs and tasks are obviously the easiest to get started with, but don't feel afraid of features either! We;ve had some community members contribute some amazing "feature"-level work to the Terminal (albeit, with lots of discussion 😄).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugs and tasks are obviously the easiest to get started with, but don't feel afraid of features either! We've had some community members contribute some amazing "feature"-level work to the Terminal (albeit, with lots of discussion 😄).

```
